Update storiesof api docs (#12302)
storybookjs/storybook: lib/core/docs/storiesOf.md

The string argument to `storiesOf` is the component title. If you pass a string like `'Widgets|Button/Button'` it can also be used to position your component's story within Storybook's story hierarchy.

> The second argument of `storiesOf` is a reference to each story available. Storybook needs it to enable hot-module-replacement. If it's not included you'll need to refresh your browser with each change you make.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second argument of `storiesOf` is a webpack `module`, which is available on the global (per-file) scope. Storybook needs it to enable hot-module-replacement. If it's not included you'll need to refresh your browser with each change you make.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: @neilyio we have a bit of room for improvement here. We could probably go with:

" The second argument of `storiesOf` is a reference to each story available. Storybook needs it to enable hot-module-replacement. If it's not included you'll need to refresh your browser with each change you make."

Let me know if you're ok with it.

);
```

> We can control how the component's stories will render with parameters and decorators. You can use as many `.addDecorators` as you need, but you can only use one `.addParameters`, as you can see in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can control how the component's stories will render with parameters and decorators. You can use as many `.addDecorators` as you need (but make sure you add them all before your first story), but you can only use one `.addParameters`, as you can see in the example below:
```

```js
storiesOf('Button', module)
  .addParameters({backgrounds: {values: [{name: "red" value: "#f00"}]}})
  .addDecorator((Story) => <div style={{ margin: '3em' }}><Story/></div>)
  .addDecorator((Story) => <div style={{ height: '600px' }}><Story/></div>)
  .add('with text', () => <Button onClick={action('clicked')}>Hello Button</Button>)
  .add('with some emoji', () => (
    <Button onClick={action('clicked')}>
      <span role="img" aria-label="so cool">
        😀 😎 👍 💯
      </span>
    </Button>
  ));
```

Finally, global parameters for all stories can be set via the parameters export of your `.storybook/previews.js`, see [this page](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-stories/parameters#global-parameters) for an example.

Global decorators for all stories can be set via the decorators export of your `.storybook/preview.js`, see [this page](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-stories/decorators#global-decorators) for an example.

> 

Reviewer 2: @neilyio i think we could do better and probably go with something like:

 " Parameters and decorators can also be used globally, you can define them in your `.storybook/preview.js`. Take a look [here](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-stories/parameters#global-parameters) to learn more about global parameters and [here](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/writing-stories/decorators#global-decorators) for global decorators."

Let me know if you're ok with it
